hey everyone and welcome back to gear
sky to bid on rules this episode i've
titled the stone axe your new best
friend because that's kind of what null
point of this is i'll be talking about
tools i'll be talking a bit about mining
and such and how to best spend your
precious cobblestone in the other game
but before we delve into that i will
just quickly to divide you guys
attention to a lovely video made by icy
new year he's an awesome guy and he's
made a video detailing a lot of the
letter changes in terms of alcohol but
how you can deal with it he shows you
how to make different foods how to set
up a reliable source of food and during
the game and such it's a really good
video and there should be a link in the
annotation somewhere here on the screen
so with that behind me i will get
straight on to the stuff up i'm going to
talk about one of the first changes
you'll notice when playing bed animals
is that wouldn't pick axes are now a
shadow of the for myself and basically
each pick X will only last you for one
bit of cobblestone so you'll need to
craft three pickaxes not even get your
first some pigs and even then the stone
pickaxe itself will only last for 12 and
that's free you can see it's about
halfway done now so six blocks in total
is how long your trusty stone pickaxe is
worth now basically it makes branch
mining in the other game more less
impossible because you'll barely break
even on the under stone itself you will
break even you'll even come out with
double but it's it's not a lot of extra
stone that you're getting so covering
last distances in branch- the snot
variable instead love to your game now
focuses on actually spelunking finding
some caves and getting some phoneless
lovely ECI on that are right there once
you have to obtain some of all the CC
and and you melded like usual so if we
take some coal here for this in here and
instead it gives T small and nuggets and
nuggets are just like old now can stay
only worth
one ninth of an ingot so if you instead
take all your Naga to across them you
can then make the Incas and with as
usual if I didn't screw up there there
you go my big ex you need to put a lot
more effort into your the game in order
to succeed and you need to the
challenges are greater but the reward
you might think the reward is the same
because you still just getting an iron
pickaxe but the anping X is going to
feel so much greater once you get it in
your hands also and tools have received
a bit of an upgrade so they now last a
lot longer because it's it's supposed to
beat the metal of choice until you reach
in reach the point in the mode where you
have the mod tools themselves again this
seems like a very brutal change but give
it some time now one without town hall
i'll just quickly go and all the change
that's been made to remote recently it's
turned hardcore bouncing and basically
it prevents you from placing blocks
while your for india let me jump down
here up here devout and i still can't
place blocks on the way down instead if
you need to peel her up and you put one
block on top of it and like that it's if
you don't have a wall spaced against of
course you're going to need to use to us
as much resources so you do like this
instead now the reason i termed this
episode selection the best friend is
that stone axes have become a really
awesome tool this has to do with both
the fact that wooden swords and stone
source have been removed from the game
they're no longer craftable instead
shovels and access have received a
massive upgrade to the damage so a stone
axes model is the same thing as a not as
a stone sword used to be in addition all
blocks in Minecraft now has a tool
connected to them which is good at
destroying them so like you know before
leaves you need a you need to see
us to actually extraordin and even then
you didn't actually destroy them you
guys just got the diff block so it
didn't get zapping from it well access
now ever and if affinity for destroying
least as you can see it takes a lot
to destroy with anything else in your
hand so using a stone axe or an axe when
you get to that point is a lot more
efficient for cutting down leaves and
getting to the the trunk itself in
addition to stone and wooden swords you
can no longer craft a stone house or
wooden house instead farming has been
put further up the tech tree so now I
have to get to iron or possibly gold
since you can't make a golden hoe still
the golden home of course won't last as
long but it's a way to save some of your
pressure that precious and if you've
encountered a bunch of gold anyway a
couple more recipe changes has to do
with first of all in steel instead of
using an iron ingot it now uses a rocket
and the recipes completely shapeless now
so you can craft this very simple to
experimental find what shape is it again
something that's I bet most people hate
in Minecraft the compass has also
received a change the recipe in that it
uses a non-market now instead making it
a lot cheaper to build up once you've
had your first meeting with hardcore
pawn and pockets have also received a
price reduction and now they're crafted
by placing seven and nakusoo in a
u-shape making them much more reliable
to get early game as a way of milking
cows and such since milk now has a and
food value the final recipe change i'm
going to cover here is with regard to
diamond tools instead of diamonds acting
as a shortcut way if you just get free
damage from a jungle temple desert
temple whatever and get your pickaxe and
does get past all of these problems
getting on in the other game you now
have to craft a diamond ingot from your
downloads you do this by making an alloy
between and diamond and then using the
magical properties of creepers to fuse
them together and with the dominating
that you can now craft your armor less
and tools as usual on a final note here
the changes to wooden pickaxe s and
stone pickaxe are limited to the pic x
creation stone axes still have the same
number uses as stated before these last
couple of updates they still won't last
you forever but
will last a good deal longer than six
blocks wooden access are no longer
craftable because that doesn't make
sense instead you have the wooden
pickaxe and wooden shovel which both
service decent weapons and silicon get
iron and stone I meant say stone good
night or day
you